the biggest lie you've been told about
social media we've never seen anything
like social media before not in our
lifetime not in any Lifetime with
literally billions of users across every
single corner of the globe it's
unprecedented Lightning Fast method of
exchanging information and
misinformation in fact as someone that
posts regularly on just about every
meaningful social media platform I see
all sorts of crazy takes everywhere all
the time and the one that absolutely
drives me crazy
because of how untrue it is is social
media marketing doesn't drive bottom
line results that's just flat out wrong
for a lot of the old school business
owners they just assume that social
media marketing is something that kids
are on and their brand social media
presence is basically set up to keep up
appearances and maintain some kind of
online presence but the reality is that
social media marketing can drive tons of
traffic leads and conversions period
don't believe me here are a few stats
that show you what a big fat lie that
hey social media marketing doesn't
provide results really is 34% of
consumers use social media to learn
about Brands and their products and
services in essence people love figuring
out what products and services to use
based on what they see on the Social Web
70% of marketers use Facebook ads and
there were 10 million active advertisers
on the platform last year 83% of people
use Instagram to discover new products
and 87% said that they would took a
specific action after seeing more
information 64% of buyers would rather
send a message to a brand on social
media than call customer service and 43%
of gen Z consumers have made a purchase
from social media platforms 79% of
people say that ugc impacts their
purchasing decisions look that's a lot
of stats so if you think that social
media marketing isn't important you're
dead wrong it really does help what I
want you to do is first off go on all
the major social platforms that your
ideal customers on whether that's
LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Tik Tok all
the main ones two I want you to post at
least one time a day and yes you can
repurpose the content that use for one
social network for the others you may
have to adjust it here and there but
that's what I want you to start off with
three when people leave a comment on
your social profiles I want you to
respond to them and engage with them and
take care of them by taking care of
people it creates Amazing Word of Mouth
marketing and it creates a lot of brand
evangelists four look to see what
content that you're posting resonates
and what content doesn't post more of
the stuff that's working for your
audience and less of the stuff that's
not
working and five last but not least what
I really really want you to do is go
look at Facebook's ad Library you can
see what a lot of your competition's
doing with their Facebook campaigns and
this will give you ideas on what can
also work with both your organic and
paid social campaigns now if you need
help with your social media marketing
check out my Ad Agency NP digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
people about it thank you very much